# Reverse engineering

What is the value of the metaverse? In the west we are so concentrated on externalization, focusing on the completion of something that is entirely within the reach of innate human potential. When we meditate or when we sleep, we enter worlds once held as sacred spheres, infinite in comparison to the reality we know and love.

As a researcher, I work off of foundations which are indistinguishable from rugged scientific materialism; I love the peer reviewed papers, the specificity and word-baggage that accompanies rigorous investigative depths, and I even appreciate the standardization which is important for worldwide and time-wide collaboration. But in life, sometimes you are reminded of a childish wonder and the auspices of sacrosanct protocol melt away at the immediacy of a phenomenal experience, once known as such things like miracles. Many, many people indeed have had these experiences and as someone who stands comfortably between two arguing parents, denying the validity of each other, I find comfort in seeing a path to merge the two.

On the one side, you have daddy science. The machismo of didactic syeinuises and geniuses curating a passionate control and implementation over nature's laws. Although the philosophical groundwork began with Aristotelian atomism, science in its dispassionate epoch is no more wise than progress gathered over 300 years.

On the other side, you have the phenomenal experiences which account for everything wet upon the nose of fantastical writers to charlatans. To many, the brilliance of adulthood has blinded good meaning individuals into calcified puppets of opinion, when we have, in fact, all a story to share in which some element of the fantastic emerges. This could be as common as prayer to even something like extraordinary insight on an overwhelming problem or something else altogether.

What they both share is a phenomenological process. Science begins with observation which matures into hypothesis and eventually you arrive at implementation. From Benjamin Franklyn with his kite to the modern civilization. Spirit science as we shall call it, in the same way begins with observation: someone experiences god or an alien or some poltergeist activity and then thousands of years later, you have hundreds of thousands of volumes scattered around the world recounting wars between the gods, the protocols for advanced spellcasting or even how to communicate with those who watch from starships.

I begin with this introduction because when I sit in the white sand under a sun that will never set in my imagination I find an answer to our issue. When we consider how there is such a disparity between the wisdom of ancient writers and the collective ignorance that overwhelms us today, one has to ask why we create anything at all.

Perhaps this is due to a devolution, or even a phase of ignorance.

When we think, we are visible within the greater order of consciousness. This is on the face of it an answer to the not-so-thought-through Femi "paradox" but on the other, it is a signal for humanity. A gift, if you will, of what lies ahead. There is no reason to stop at space - if billionaires wish to spend such resource going to Mars, then we have a collective interest to innovate in the way that not only establishes a technological superiority, but gives us the room to ask how is this best to occur with the smallest amount of destruction.

Here, I propose a new framework of invention, and I welcome you to consider its implications and engineering fundamentals with me. When we think, we emit waves of a psychokinetic force. This is similar to gravitational waves emitted from rotating black holes, although we know far more about gravitational waves. This ignorance of emergence; however, does not leave us with nothing to do but twiddle our thumbs, because even without a firm grasp of gravitation, we can build some incredible things by observing it (such as satellite GPS).

Until now, these waves I mention have been cornered into sleep literature or of interest to neurologists studying abnormalities. In physiology we have taken great pains to reduce mental process to neuronal coherence, but we are missing a crucial piece that connects humans - not only physically but also in time. This dimension in which humans relay this secretive information is a worldline of timespace, coined by T. Campbell, analogous to spacetime in general relativity. Again, the difference is a subtle one, a difference that suggests that humans have the inborn capacity to see through all of space and indeed all time and furthermore withhold the ability to do this *collectively.*

It has already been demonstrated that sight and sensation is not intrinsically linked to the quotidian five senses, and other research in scientific literature accounts for clairvoyance and collective awareness of impending tragedies. Beyond this are the glaring chronicles of countless religious sects who explicitly devoted their lives to inward exploration - sometimes known as *Yogis,* although many shamanistic traditions are also considered - who return with stories of inner realms and parallel realities that would twist any living materialist.

Now, these waves which can be noticed in an individual require some mathematical exposition to build a framework that can map them to the field which we cannot yet see - but certainly exists. An answer for this might be to begin innovating on the observable side effects. These side effects can have many, if not infinite, applications (not unlike electricity perhaps). The first of which is that most of what we consider as a demonstrative artifact particular to our time, take Artificial Intelligence, can be externally managed in a way much more comprehensive by utilizing and addressing the physics present in the phenomenon.

Most researchers in this field, which there aren't many, stop at the physics pertaining to the *crafts.* They love to examine the materials and propulsion, discuss whether they are from planet x or star system y. This path instead examines the subjective constellation apparent in everything from Deja vu to telepathy.

If this field can be investigated so that a cohesive picture can start to emerge on a large scale from a local observation, then the answer for superluminal time travel may be as wound up in it as what our purpose here is. In discussing this technology we can estimate that this picture can represent a similar process for symbiosis with external agents. This is, after all, what we want when we pursue sophiscated deep learning systems embedded in silicon skeletons.

Here, frequencies can be trapped in quantum systems or even guided by simple acoustical devices to achieve the same result with other people or organic systems. I propose that the insistence of computation to continue with materials science is likely to limit us in actually achieving what we aim to when we build an intelligent robot. Instead, chemical process has the backing of billions of years of intelligent memory allocation to have evolved into a completely goal oriented actor. By advancing the incentive of desiderata important to human goals, such as immense strength, computational complexity or otherwise, the organic system is incomparably more likely to win out over inanimate metal with electrons buzzing through it.

This can be broken down in the engineering in a variety of ways, but until human politics and desire seeking can catch up to the progressivism of those searching for interesting symbiosis with nature, the ideas laid out in this blog will remain by act of necessity - conceptual. Quantum Organics is what I am calling this new field, and I will be writing more about it in upcoming articles.
